Let's talk about if we wanted to generate
as this as part of our build process,
and then view this file
as the thing to do.
And to be clear, you're like,
I don't care about code coverage.
That's we're just using this as a vehicle.
For instance, you might care about
the video recordings that Cypress takes,
and if a test fails because
there's nothing worse.
It's not a Cypress thing, this is
just what's recently happened to me
with Cypress,
where you run the test on your machine and
everything is great, and
your build keeps failing right?
So, getting access to the videos or
something like that,
that a lot of these tools
take is super useful.
And exactly what we show
here works the same way when
it comes down to whatever we're doing.
The other thing I'll point out and
this is slightly different for
every different testing tool whether it's
NYC or Istanbul or whatever, they're just
like ES lint where you can ignore a line,
so for instance like our famous line 15.
If I had a threshold and you needed to
ignore something very specifically,
like if there's one only in Safari,
which you should not be
writing user agent-based code.
But I've done bad things in my life,
you might choose,
because it will never get hit in
your CICD process on Ubuntu, right?
Cool so, luckily, there are various
reasons why you might do what
you also like building your static assets,
stuff like that.
There's all sorts of things you
might choose to do here, luckily,
the strategy is exactly the same,
no matter what you aspire to do, and so
there's lots of ways that
I could choose to do this.
But, We are a little bit
ahead of the game here,
Basically, I'll show you how
to do this and then, yeah,
we want it only on
the test one in this case.
I could have a separate job.
This depends again on how
you wanna live your life.
I could put my dash dash coverage in
here with that auto threshold right
as I switch branches with example code
as I talk who knows how that will go.
But let's go with the spiritual just here.
--coverage now like do I
want the build to fail?
Do I want basically, did my test fail?
Or did I not have enough coverage?
That's a reason why you might break
that out into its own job, right?
Which is I want the visual representation
when I see that red X to immediately know.
I think that I have sold myself the
argument that this should be a second job
even though it's also
running the test suite.
So, there's the thing that I
learned about myself today,
Which is weird I don't think that's
true in my current code days.
And this is a catastrophe from
when I was practicing earlier.
So, we've got the steps,
and so we run npm test, and
we're gonna do that with Dash,
dash, coverage this time.
>> Double --
>> Double dash,
>> Thank you.
That's why you live code
with your friends, cool.
And that will run it.
And then we need the important part.
And a lot of these are like
you owe it to yourself.
I should not do this together with you
all because it's not a good use of
a generalized time.
You owe it to yourself to
Google GitHub actions recipes.
And just like peruse,
do a very cursory overview of the random
blog posts because I work on
an open source code base, so
triaging git issues with labels and having
it hit a slack webhook is important to me.
And if you work on a private code base,
completely worthless to you.
So we will not be doing that one together.
But you owe it to yourself
to at least look at it.
Because a lot of these things,
the process is like,
awareness that you can do
it is like half the battle.
Cuz you're gonna watch how many characters
I type here to get this in place.
So there's an action called
upload-artifact, and
my main goal here is that you just
understand that artifacts are a thing.
We want to use this one, coding and
typing at the same time.
We'll call it archive coverage report.
Right, if you needed the built asset,
then download from the archive API and
then push to your internal.
I used to have literal Linux boxes in
Chicago that I had to push the production
access to, and we would take two
of them out of the load balancer.
Cuz it was a way too late for that to
still be the thing, but it's important.
So you give it some
kinda name in this case.
Coverage report.
And we say, what path?
Again, if this was your build output,
it would be the build directory or
dist or whatever scientific
experiment you're doing.
In this case,
I know that the folder is coverage.
What I'm going to do just to
save us a little bit of pain is,
since I switched branches and
I discarded files.
I wanna make sure these tests pass before
I push up and get the feedback loop of
the build system You know,
as it ran twice, does anyone know why?
The auto update threshold
changed the number which
triggered a rebuild cuz
the vite config change.
Cool, but my tests do pass,
so that's important.
And then what we'll do real quick is we'll
say add a build job for code coverage.
And we will go ahead and
we will push that up.
What I'm going to have you do
in the meantime, just cuz it's
gonna take a little bit, is, why don't
you try it out either if you had,
one that you were working on previously or
just do it the build step.
Do like an npm run
build which should be again, and
you already have the action there, right?
Just add the archive thing there as well,
give it a different key and
then you'll be able to see that as well.
And then you could get the compiled
assets and do something with them, right?
If you're going to something like Vercel
or Netlify, you don't need to do that.
But if you needed to do something like
okay, and then we will have something else
where we push into production,
however your system works cool.
But try it out with the actual building of
the assets with your dist directory and
verify that works as well,
just to get your hands dirty.
And that will be a thing that we
do together while I just wait for
the build process to run.
And then we'll check in on it
together in three minutes.